Added command to create /etc/apt/keyrings (#39774)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux.md

2. Download the Google Cloud public signing key:

   ```shell

>    sudo mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # /etc/apt/keyrings might not yet exist on older operating systems.
  # On the latest Debian or Ubuntu releases, you can skip the next 3 lines.
  [ ! -d /etc/apt/keyrings ] && \
    sudo mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings && \
    sudo chmod 0755 /etc/apt/keyrings
```

2. Download the Google Cloud public signing key:

   ```shell
   # /etc/apt/keyrings might not yet exist on older operating systems.

>    # On the latest Debian or Ubuntu releases, you can skip the next 3 lines.

Reviewer: “the latest” isn't quite right. Try
```suggestion
   # Older releases of Debian (version 11 or older) and Ubuntu (21.10 or older) do not provide
   # that directory as part of the operating system.
   # If you are running a current enough release of Debian or Ubuntu, you can skip the next 3 lines.
```
